What is the chemical symbol for water?
Which planet is known as the Red Planet?
What is the speed of light in vacuum (approx)?
What is the powerhouse of the cell?
Which element has the atomic number 1?
What is the SI unit of electric current?
Which scientist proposed the theory of relativity?
What is the most abundant gas in Earth's atmosphere?
What particle carries a positive charge in an atom?
What is the half-life concept primarily used to describe?
In which year did World War II end?
Who was the first President of the United States?
The Great Wall of China was primarily built to protect against invasions from the:
Which ancient civilization built the pyramids at Giza?
The French Revolution began in which year?
Who discovered America in 1492?
The Berlin Wall fell in which year?
Which empire was ruled by Genghis Khan?
The Renaissance began in which country?
Who wrote the Declaration of Independence?
What is the capital of France?
Which is the largest ocean on Earth?
Which country has the largest population?
Mount Everest is located in which mountain range?
What is the longest river in the world?
Which continent is the Sahara Desert located on?
What is the smallest country in the world?
Which strait separates Europe from Africa?
What is the capital of Australia?
How many countries are in the United Kingdom?
What does HTML stand for?
Which company created the Python programming language?
What does CPU stand for?
Which protocol is used for secure web browsing?
What year was the first iPhone released?
Which data structure uses LIFO (Last In, First Out)?
What does API stand for?
Which language runs in the browser alongside HTML and CSS?
What is the time complexity of binary search?
Which cloud provider created AWS?
What is the length of a standard cricket pitch?
Who is known as the 'God of Cricket'?
Which statement about cricket is correct? (Q3)
Which statement about cricket is correct? (Q4)
What is a major rule or principle of cricket? (Q5)
Which statement about cricket is correct? (Q6)
How is scoring or success typically measured in cricket? (Q7)
What is an important concept in cricket? (Q8)
Which example best relates to cricket? (Q9)
How is scoring or success typically measured in cricket? (Q10)
Integration is the reverse of what mathematical operation?
The notion of a "set that contains all sets which do not contain themselves" is a paradoxical idea attributed to which English philosopher?
What is the plane curve proposed by Descartes to challenge Fermat's extremum-finding techniques called?
Which of the following mathematicians made major contributions to game theory?
What is the fourth digit of π?
How many zeptometres are inside one femtometre?
How many Millibars (mbar) to 1 Inch of Mercury (inHg)
What is the only Millennium Prize Problem that has been solved so far?
Which of these numbers is closest to the total number of possible states for an army standard Enigma Machine?
What is the approximate value of mathematical constant e?
What were Marcel Duchamp's readymades?
In "Last Supper" by Leonardo Da Vinci, what two colors were the robes worn by Jesus?
Who painted "The Scream"?
Who painted the epic mural Guernica?
Who painted the painting "Nighthawks"?
Which Greek sculptor designed the Athena Parthenos statue inside the Parthenon?
Which one of these paintings is not by Caspar David Friedrich?
Which artist painted “The Treachery of Images,” a painting of a pipe with the description "this is not a pipe"?
Who designed the Chupa Chups logo?
Which artist's style was to use small different colored dots to create a picture?